Drag tests (#624)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/unresolved-cfd-dem/gas-solid-fluidized-bed/gas-solid-fluidized-bed.rst

        set vans model = modelB
    end
    

> We determine the drag model to be used for the calculation of particle-fluid forces as the difelice model. Other optional forces that can be enabled are the buoyancy force, the shear force and the pressure force. We only decide to enable drag and buoyancy as for air, the other forces are considered to be negligible. The VANS model we are solving is model B. Other possible option is model A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We determine the drag model to be used for the calculation of particle-fluid forces as the Di Felice model. Other optional forces that can be enabled are the buoyancy force, the shear force and the pressure force. We only decide to enable drag and buoyancy as for air, the other forces are considered to be negligible. The VANS model we are solving is model B. Other possible option is model A.
```
